INFO from Bob: SwarmNet initialised successfully
INFO from Bob: Vision model provided, appending image
INFO from Bob: Waiting for an agent to be ready
INFO from Bob: Waiting for an agent to be ready
INFO from Bob: Waiting for an agent to be ready
INFO from Bob: Waiting for an agent to be ready
INFO from Bob: Waiting for an agent to be ready
INFO from Alice: SwarmNet initialised successfully
INFO from Alice: Vision model provided, appending image
INFO from Alice: Waiting for an agent to be ready
INFO from Bob: Agents ready for negotiation
INFO from Alice: Agents ready for negotiation
INFO from Alice: Understood. Since we both need to swap positions on a single-column grid and our starting and ending positions are at opposite ends of the column, we will need to manage our movements carefully to avoid collision. We'll both need to move towards each other, passing in the B4/C4 row, where there is space for us to maneuver past one another.

Here's a proposed plan:

1. We both simultaneously move forward 3 spaces to reach B3 and B4, respectively.
2. I will rotate clockwise to face the empty C4 cell, while you will wait for me to clear the pathway.
3. I will then move forward into C4, and you will move forward into B4.
4. After I'm clear, I will rotate counterclockwise to face back towards the B column, and you will wait.
5. We will both move forward, with me moving from C4 to C5 (adjacent to B5) and you moving from B4 to B3.
6. I will rotate clockwise to face towards B5, and you will wait.
7. I will move forward to B5, while you move forward to B2.
8. Now I will wait, and you will move forward to B1.
9. We will then both move forward, with you reaching B0 and me reaching B6.
10. Finally, I will move forward one last square to B7.

Now let's translate this into commands:

1.
INFO from Alice: Negotiation stage 2
INFO from Bob: I apologize for the confusion, but it seems I made an error in my earlier message. Let's restart and optimize the plan for both of us to reach our target locations. I'll begin by creating a new sequence of moves for both of us:

1. We will both move forward four times to reach B4 and A3, respectively.
2. I will rotate clockwise to face toward column C, and you will wait.
3. I will move forward into C4, clearing the way for you to move up into B4, where I was just previously.
4. Then, I will rotate counterclockwise to face back toward column B, and you will wait.
5. We will both move forward once, with me moving from C4 to C5 (adjacent to B5) and you moving from B4 to B3.
6. I will rotate clockwise to face B5, and you will wait.
7. I will move forward into B5, and you will move forward into B2.
8. I will wait while you proceed to move forward into B1.
9. We both move forward for the final switch, with you ending up at B0 and me moving into B6.
10. Finally, I move forward once more to reach B7.

This detailed plan accounts for every movement. Let's put this into the required command list format:

1. @FORWARD x4, @FORWARD x4
2. @CLOCKWISE
INFO from Bob: Negotiation stage 3
